it's such an important thing to have a
way that you can bring value to clients
in every way that we've come up with to
help them do that his innovation has
been at the core of it
ILS was founded by myself and a couple
of partners in 1996 so we got into the
business doing flexographic conventional
printing you know we were being
successful but we really didn't have a
unique proposition to offer that that
other companies had we had no niche
markets and we were dealing with six
eight hundred printers in this local
area so when we've grown since 2005 when
we got involved in digital our company
has grown exponentially and since 2005
we've really focused almost exclusively
our investment on the digital side when
you look from 2005 to 2014 the growth
and the maturity of the digital market
is phenomenal
years ago where digital printing
launched in the marketplace that started
to change how all labels were about
speed and efficiency at cost to
something that was a key component of
marketing the HP Indigo 20,000 is a game
changer for us it gives us an entire
different marketplace that we can bring
the values that we've been bringing on
the label side can now be brought to the
flexible packaging market with the
introduction of HP 20000 what has
happened is it's taken that advancement
and taking it to flexible packaging and
also shrink sleeves in a way that the
markets been longing to go so the 30
inch press is a dramatic change today we
work with
13 inch wide roll 30 inches two and a
half times the print width it's really
going to be a game changer as far as the
types of products and how we can produce
those products on the press whether
you're a small company or big company
you don't want to have a lot of
inventory you don't have a lot of waste
the digital and the 20,000 it makes it
so easy for that because you can have it
on demand you don't have any waste
because you're going to get exact
amounts that you need to print quality
is a feature that it's key to digital
digital is utilized print actual
photographs that are very high quality
the HP Indigo 20000 offers us and our
customers a unique opportunity it can
now deliver the level of quality that
only group you're printing could do in
the master the workflow efficiencies
that we get are tremendous because now
we can send a file directly to press we
don't have to have plates made we don't
have to wait for that part of the
process to happen it's really really a
huge advantage and something that that
has allowed us to really expand our
business because of those efficiencies
that were able to bring into our
operation what I think is so important
is the merging of talent the innovation
at ILS the innovation at HP to be able
to have a good outcome any week of the
year you'll see somebody from HP in here
really helping us be successful clients
are going to find ways to bring their
product to market to differentiate
themselves and digital is going to be
the solution that's going to allow them
to do
you